Come to Chuxiong
Chuxiong opens his stomach to eat
Spend today on me
Brother Qin, you and I are both brothers
If there's anything big, just say it
Don't be so polite
What makes you think that?
I just think the brothers haven't seen each other for a long time
Come out and get together
How can you think of me as such a person?
It seems
It is to snatch the belly of a gentleman with the heart of a villain
That is
I have something big to do, how could I bother you, Brother Zhou?
It's just that there is indeed a small matter here, little brother.
Need Brother Zhou's help
Then how do you know?
Brother Qin has something to say, but it doesn't matter
There is no problem with the designation that can be done at home.
I am relieved to have Brother Zhou's words
It's actually not a big deal
Brother Zhou should know
Our Qin family has been targeted recently
I do know something about this.
But I don't know the identity of the other party either.
You don't want me to find out who the other party is
Not yet, no, that's fine
In this capital
Can stare at your Qin family for so long
It doesn't show that the mountain is leaking.
This life is definitely big
I'm afraid my Zhou family can't afford to offend me.
Do I look like a pimp?
Humph
Definitely not.
I wonder what Brother Qin wants me to do this time
Dude, I'm going on a long trip in two days
I just don't want anyone to know
I wonder if Brother Zhou can help me with this
This? Really not.
But you gotta tell me where you're going
Otherwise, how can I help you?
It seems that Brother Qin still can't believe it
Well, since Mr. Zhou wants to know
I'll tell you what.
But you can't tell anyone.
This is freedom.